# EDA_Hotel_Booking_Analysis

This project is related to Hotel Bookings of two hotels i.e City Hotel and Resort Hotel. This dataset contains 119390 rows and 32 columns. we further divide the data manipulation workflow in three categories which are Data Collection, Data cleaning and manipulation and EDA(Exploratory Data Analysis). As Further moved i.e Data collections first step to find different columns which is done by coding Head(), tail(), info(), describe(), columns() and some others methods used for data collections, some of the columns name is updated here i.e hotel,is_canceled,lead_time,arrival_date_year,arrival_date_month,arrival_date_week_number,arrival_date_day_of_month,stays_in_weekend_nights. After that we further moved to find unique value of each columns and generate a list in tabular form and also check for the dataset type of each columns’ find some columns not in accurate data types which were corrected later in Data cleaning part and as well as duplicates data items must be removed as we find duplicates items of 31944 which were dropped from the dataset later.

Before visualize any data from the given data set we have to do data wrangling. For that, we are checked the null value of all the columns. After checking, when we are getting a column which has more number of null values and dropped that column by using the 'drop' method. In this way, we are dropped the 'company' column. If we are find minimal number of null values, filling these null values with necesary values as per requirement by using .fillna()

Different charts were used for data visualization so that better insights and Business objective is attained.
